Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[dramatic music playing]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[birds chirping]
[equipment jangling]
[Mike breathing heavily. grunting]
- [Mike panting]
- [wind whistling]
[equipment jangling]
[wind blows]
[rocks rumbling]
Oh no.
[Mike] Oh. shit!
- [rocks rumbling]
- [dramatic music continues]
[Mike screams. grunts]
[pants]
[grunting]
- [wind blowing]
- [grunting]
[dramatic music builds]
[exhales sharply]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[grunts]
- [grunting]
- [equipment jangling]
[equipment jangling]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Mike screams]
[screams]
- [screams]
- [dramatic music crescendos]
[psychiatrist] But you continued up?
With no safety rope.
Correct. Yeah.
[psychiatrist] Do you know much
about this. Mike?
- I've... I've heard of it.
- It's pretty self-explanatory.
Your brother died.
Deep down in a place you can't talk about.
you wish it had been you. and not him.
And this causes...
behavior.
Like climbing The Needles with no rope.
That would be an example. yeah.
You need to get closure on this.
I'm gonna write you two prescriptions.
one for anxiety and something
to help you sleep if you need it.
Yes to the literature. no to the drugs.
I'll read up on it.
- Thank you. Doctor.
- [door opens]
- [door closes]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [man] We're all done. Mr. McCann.
- [Mike] Thanks. guys.
[man] Let's hit the road.
- [Mike] Kaylee. [Smooches]
- [Kaylee panting]
[rustling. clattering]
[somber music playing]
[paper rustling]
[Gurty] I. John McCann of Minot.
North Dakota
declare this to be my last will.
In the event of death. I hereby direct
that my body be cremated.
and that my ashes
be scattered on Mount Everest.
If I can't get there in life.
I'll get there in death.
[soft music playing]
[keyboard keys clacking]
- [soft music intensifies]
- [keyboard keys clacking]
- [winds blowing]
- [bird caws]
[bus revving]
[bus rattling]
[gears grinding]
[dramatic music playing]
[Rudra] Make no mistake.
Hydroelectric power...
is the way of progress.
It is the way of the future.
And with your approval...
this dam will generate 4.000 megawatts
of hydroelectricity for industry.
And with industry...
comes jobs.
And then all will be resettled.
Oh. right you are. sir! Into slums!
To work in sweatshops
making iPhones for Europeans.
[crowd jeers]
Let's hear from the family who built
the first road and half the town.
Let's hear from one of the Rai family.
[crowd applauding]
Of course.
Mr. Rai. please come up.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [crowd applauding. cheering]
[man 2] Yes. yes.
[crowd whooping. applauding]
It is my father who speaks
for the family. you know this.
He's just a little late.
[engine revving]
[gears grinding]
[suspenseful music playing]
[brake ratcheting]
[bus horn honking]
[engine idles]
[suspenseful music continues]
[bus horn honking]
[bus door opens]
[bus door closes]
[suspenseful music continues]
[speaking Hindi]
[engine revs]
[suspenseful music fades]
[Ganesh] To build his dam
Yash sir has made a...
very generous offer
for the Life Estates that were...
granted to my family
by the Land Act in 1994.
And that includes my son who.
is also late.
I hope he's not late for his own funeral.
- [laughs]
- [indistinct chatter]
[Ganesh] So...
dam...
or river. huh?
- It's a very modest question. no?
- [sentimental music playing]
We are a very modest people.
There are those who want the dam. Yes.
But we...
all of us.
We need our river. no.
To... to make tea and to... to bathe...
and to water our crops.
If we give up on this now...
we will lose more than our river.
We will sever our links
with our ancestors.
We will cease to be one with this land.
and we will never ever taste
our sacred water again.
[crowd applauding. cheering]
[door closes]
- [engine revving]
- [dramatic music playing]
[engine revs]
[driver yells indistinctly]
[indistinct cries]
[driver yelps]
[dramatic music continues]
[indistinct clamoring]
[indistinct cries]
[engine revving]
- [engine revving]
- [gears grinding]
[thud]
[people yelling indistinctly]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[somber music playing]
[loud smash]
[thud echoes]
[somber music continues]
[door opens]
- [ominous music playing]
- [keypad beeping]
[woman in Nepali]
[man 3 in Nepali]
[crowd applauding. cheering]
[Ganesh] Vijay. where have you been?
- Take this in. Listen to this! Hear this.
- Grandfather is dead.
His bus went off the East Traverse.
- Police were calling it an accident.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [Ganesh] Who knows about this?
- People are just learning now.
We're next. father.
Rudra Yash will kill you.
Then me.
We... we will not let him.
Okay. Come on.
[crowd murmuring indistinctly]
[dramatic music playing]
- [music fades]
- [luggage rustling]
[indistinct PA announcement]
[beeping]
[officer] Just hold it there. thanks.
Okay. come through.
Come through.
[indistinct PA announcement]
[zipper unzipping]
What is this?
My dead brother.
Human remains have to travel
in a TSA-approved vessel.
[urn rattles]
- [PA beeping]
- [man 4] Good evening. passengers.
Please be advised that flight...
- Shit.
- AB304 to Kathmandu
- is now boarding for departure.
- Sorry. bro.
[soft music playing]
[Mike] Hey. hey.
There he is.
- Looking spiffy.
- Yeah. I bet you say that to all the boys.
- [door closes]
- Got your papers?
Yep.
First month. a place up north
called Fallujah.
Isn't Northern Iraq
where all the fighting's been?
I'm the mechanic. bro.
The only fight I'm gonna have
is with rusty Hummer manifolds.
Hey. you're my little brother.
I'm protective.
- Come on. let's go. I don't wanna be late.
- [car engine starts]
[airplanes traveling distantly]
When I get back.
we're gonna climb Everest.
And then we'll go into business
with our own rig.
I love you. Mike.
You be careful out there.
[Gurty] Yeah.
Oh.
Here. they make us do this.
but. uh. I'll tear it up when I get back.
[somber music playing]
[PA beeps] Ladies and gentlemen.
this is your captain speaking.
We'll be touching down
in Kathmandu airport
in approximately 30 minutes.
If you'd like to take a look
out the port side window.
you'll catch a glimpse of Everest.
the tallest mount in the world.
The weather in Kathmandu
is fine with clear skies.
Once again. from the flight deck
and our crew.
we'd like to thank you
for flying with us today.
- We hope you enjoyed it. Thank you.
- [ethnic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Hello. yeah.
Starr!
[taxi drivers clamoring]
Welcome to Kathmandu.
- Dad.
- Let's go.
[indistinct chatter]
[taxi drivers clamor indistinctly]
What is the right direction
to the city centre?
[man 5] Too far to walk.
Much too far.
How far?
- [man 5] Too far. Too far.
[chuckles] Thanks. guys.
[man 5] I'll take you to the city.
right now.
[ethnic music continues]
[ethnic music fades]
[inspirational music playing]
[elevator dings]
- [desk clerk] Ah! Sleep well. Mr. McCann?
- Hey.
- Very. Thank you.
- What can I do for you?
I arranged a guide to Everest Base Camp.
Some guy named Dhani Yangchen.
[Dhani] I am Dhani.
[indistinct chatter]
Dhani. Got it.
Apologies.
Do you have the urn?
Yep.
- After you.
- [ethnic music playing]
- [Dhani] First time in Kathmandu?
- First time. yeah.
Americans either love it or hate it.
- I love it.
- [chuckles]
So do I.
[Mike] Are you Hindu?
[Dhani] No.
Buddhist.
- You?
- Lapsed Catholic.
[Dhani chuckles]
Is there hope for me?
We're all God's children. Mr. McCann.
Mike...
I insist.
Mike. Okay.
[Mike] The Guide Service said
you were Sherpa.
Half.
Another half Malaysian.
How many ascents?
- Mount Everest?
- Yeah.
Ten.
Ten. Wow.
Impressive.
You think I can do it?
If you train.
And I carry your oxygen.
- [chuckles] Okay.
- [chuckles]
[ethnic music continues]
- [military cadence playing]
- [indistinct chatter]
Were you in the service?
[lips smack] No. no. my brother was.
- [Dhani] Hmm.
- You?
Yes.
[news reporter] And now
with some breaking news in Iraq
where fighting has intensified
after a series of strikes in the region.
A US military base came under attack
late yesterday afternoon.
Kaitlin Dax has more.
[Kaitlin] This marks
the eighth consecutive day
of intense fighting outside Fallujah.
[indistinct clamoring]
Sergeant. get this god-damn vehicle
out of here!
I'm working on it. Captain!
- [gunshots firing]
- [indistinct clamoring]
- [groans]
- What happened?
- [machine beeping]
[surgeon] He was hit in the head
with a high velocity round.
[somber music playing]
[Dhani] Mike.
Hey. Mike.
We're here.
Hey. that was quick.
[indistinct chatter]
To your liking?
Yes. ma'am.
- [Dhani chuckles]
- [Mike] Yeah.
[Dhani] Let's go.
- Hi. Spike.
- Oh. Dhani. love of my life.
You heading up
to Sir Edmund's Folly again?
- [Dhani] Where else?
- Yeah. Well take a seat.
They're going fast.
- Hey. Mike.
- [Spike] Spike. Nice to meet you. mate.
Nice to meet you.
- [Spike] Get on board.
[traffic noises]
[Spike] Oh. here we go.
- Mount Everest Base Camp is 17.000.
- [Spike] Hello.
It's pretty amazing.
Wow.
[Myers] Would it kill you to try?
[horn honking]
- Yeah.
- G'day. How you going?
Good. good. good. Yeah.
I'm great. Thanks very much.
All right. Kia or a. whanau.
Welcome aboard.
Welcome aboard. Off we go. eh?
- [grunts]
- [bag thuds]
[song plays over headphones]
Young lady.
[song continues playing]
[Dhani] Young lady.
Young lady.
[song stops]
Um...
You knocked his bag on the floor.
[Starr] Probably fell on its own.
[Myers sighs] Let me get that for you.
[traffic noises]
I'm sorry. She's not usually like this.
- Just upset over...
- Dad.
[bus door closes]
[bus engine starting]
[upbeat music playing]
[upbeat music continues]
[Spike] All right. Top o' the morning.
adventure seekers!
Mount Everest. here we come.
Three hours and 20 minutes.
Now. the weather at
the North Base Camp is clear.
You'll be glad to know.
With a high of 16. That's. uh. about
at 62 Fahrenheit for the Yanks on board.
Uh. We've got Evan Myers
and daughter Starr
- from the great state of Connecticut.
- Pleasure to meet you all.
[Spike] Now we've also got
some comedians on board. Oh. yeah.
Who are going to be filming a descent
from the world's highest peak
on five-foot Popsicle sticks.
- [crowd cheering]
- [Spike] Good luck. boys.
More balls than brains.
You'll need them. [Laughs]
And. of course. my future ex-wife.
Dhani Yangchen. I love you. babe.
Oh. she's already cheating on me with
a very handsome looking American bloke.
But. anyway. we're all right.
We're all good.
- Off we go.
- [upbeat music continues]
Ladies and gentlemen. we are now
on the Araniko Highway.
"Gateway to the Himalayas".
Uh. next stop. Araniko Station.
Then on to Mount Everest.
Excuse me.
I didn't know any of these
high compression diesels
were still on the road.
[chuckles]
Oh. yeah. Spoken like a man who knows.
Oh yeah. nah. Rebuilt it myself.
You an asphalt jockey. are you. Mike?
- 32 years.
- Oh. good for you.
What brought you to Kathmandu?
What do you reckon. Mike? The surfing.
The told me the...
the breaks were awesome.
Surfing? We're in
the highest mountain range in the world.
Well. I was misinformed.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [speaking Hindi]
Okay.
[soft music playing]
- [donkey braying]
- [hooves clattering]
[suspenseful music playing]
[mobile keys clacking]
[mobile trilling]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [mobile ringing]
- [mobile beeps]
- Hello?
- Hello. Baba?
- Vijay?
I'm at the market.
[Rai] Market? I have food for a month.
Just get to the cabin as soon as possible.
From now on...
text only on the burner phone. okay?
No more calls.
And. Vijay. always.
always use the code. yes?
Understood. See you soon.
You travel safe. my son.
Come on.
Let's go up this way.
[suspenseful music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music fades]
[Spike] Welcome aboard. young fella.
Take a seat.
[knocking]
[door opens]
[Spike] Hey.
the schedule's posted online. right?
Next time. I'm not stopping. all right?
Take a seat. Come on. Quick sticks.
[ominous music playing]
- [door closes]
- [engine revs]
[ominous music continues]
No. I don't smoke.
- [thuds]
- [groans]
[dramatic music playing]
Sit down!
- [Yug] Keep driving.
- [Spike] Yep. yep.
[dramatic music continues]
[Jeet] Hello.
[Jeet speaking French]
Cellphones above your head.
In the bag.
Understand?
[dramatic music continues]
Do what she says.
[Jeet] Go left.
Look. darling. I would love to.
but that goes to roads
that I am not rated for.
[Jeet] Oh. gosh.
- Go left.
- The grades up there
are... are over ten degrees.
All right.
Going left. Going left.
[dramatic music continues]
[indicator clicks]
- Dad?
- It's okay. honey.
[dramatic music intensifies]
I've never taken this vehicle
up here before.
- [gears grinding]
- [engine revving]
They are talking about a rendezvous.
What about us?
Kidnappers in Nepal...
don't leave witnesses.
[dramatic music continues]
[suspenseful music playing]
[brakes squeaking]
[goats bleat]
[Jeet] We have the boy.
Oui. alive. Devant.
Unconscious.
[suspenseful music continues]
- [gears hiss]
- [engine revs]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[speaking French]
Okay.
- [hatch rattles]
- [engine rumbling]
[suspenseful music continues]
[pop]
[tire whirring]
[thud]
- Take the girl.
- Gladly.
[engine spluttering]
[man coughing]
[Jeet speaking French]
What have you done?
- [tire pops]
- [brakes screeching]
[all screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
[groans]
- [Mike grunts]
- [Yug groans]
[grunts. groans]
[gunshot fires]
- [grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
- [Dhani grunts]
[Jeet grunts]
- [Dhani groans]
[dramatic music continues]
- [knife slices]
- [Jeet groans]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Dhani groans]
[grunts]
[grunting]
- [Yug grunts]
- [Mike groans]
- [grunting]
- [groaning]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Mike grunts]
[grunting]
- [Dhani grunts]
- [thud]
[grunting]
- [flesh squelching]
- [Yug groans]
[dramatic music continues]
- [Jeet grunting]
- [Dhani groans]
- [Jeet groaning]
- [knife clatters]
- [thud]
- [Mike groans]
[grunting]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Mike groans]
- [Dhani grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
- [tire bursts]
- [brakes screech]
[dramatic music continues]
- [tire bursts]
- [brakes screeching]
[gasping]
[Starr] Oh. my God.
[metal clanging]
[bus creaking]
[Myers breathing heavily]
[Dhani] Oh shit.
[bus creaks]
[Myers gasps]
[Starr panting heavily]
[gasping]
[bus creaks]
All right. everyone off the bus.
off the bus now.
- Starr? Easy. easy.
- [Starr] Yeah.
- [Spike] Off the bus!
- [man 6] Come on. man.
[Spike] Good work. good work.
Come on. let's go.
- [Dhani grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
Mike! Mike!
Go! Go!
[man 6] Come on. come on.
Get off. get off.
- [Myers] All right. I think we're safe.
- [indistinct chatter]
[bus rumbling]
[bus creaks]
[ominous music playing]
[bus creaking]
[man 7] What are you doing? Get out.
[Starr] Get off the bus.
[Mike] Gurty. come on. Come on.
Come to me. Come to me.
[urn rattles]
[man 6] What are you doing? Come on. man.
[Myers] Get off the bus.
- [bus creaks]
- [urn rattles]
[bus rumbling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[bus quietly creaking]
[bus creaks]
[suspenseful music continues]
[suspenseful music crescendos]
I got you. buddy.
So. uh. what are we going to do with her?
[police siren blaring]
Not our problem now.
[vehicle approaching]
Better late than never.
[Spike] Hey.
Captain Shankar. Provincial Police.
What happened here?
Attempted kidnapping.
Her gun.
[Shankar speaking Nepali]
[indistinct chatter]
[eerie music playing]
[tense music plays]
Ah. shit.
Nasty.
Well. she ain't making it up to Everest.
Not today at least. But...
I reckon a spot weld might get her down
to the Araniko Highway.
I'm a fair hand with a welding torch.
if you've got one.
Are ya?
Bloody oath I do.
You're a bloody beauty. mate.
[Spike groans] I'll bring her around.
Be still.
- [dogs barking]
- [footsteps receding]
You fight well.
You're not bad yourself. for a Buddhist.
Shows how much you know about Buddhists.
You'll have to show me
that roundhouse kick.
You're too old.
I have young prana.
Prana?
Prana is Hindu.
Life force. right?
[goat bleats]
[footsteps approaching]
Young man.
- Officer.
- [officer speaking Nepali]
I need some information.
[speaking Nepali]
- Uh.
- [Dhani] He doesn't speak English.
I need to know the status of the young man
you and Mr. McCann
saved from the kidnappers.
[speaking Nepali]
- He's awake. No need to worry.
- I'd like to know his name.
Hey!
[speaking Nepali]
Vijay Rai.
[foreboding music plays]
Did he just say Vijay Rai?
We wouldn't be in Kodari. would we?
Yes.
This is Kodari.
We've not had the pleasure.
- I'm Dhani Yangchen.
- I'm sorry. Evan Myers.
I saw you speak in Pokhara
last year. Professor.
- It is my honor.
- Oh. thank you.
- [Starr] Dad!
- [footsteps approaching]
Dad. you've got to see these rugs.
I believe you met my daughter.
Starr. this is Dhani Yangchen.
Hi.
You have good taste.
Kodari rugs are loved all over the world.
Where are all the people?
Gone.
There has been trouble here.
[Myers] Hmm.
What kind of trouble?
Dad?
It's a land dispute.
A man named Rudra Yash wants to build
the largest dam in the Himalayas.
- One of the families won't sell.
- Land is all these people have.
[Myers] Indeed.
- Excuse me. Dhani. You okay here?
- Yeah.
Um. what you did on that bus. That was...
it was unbelievable.
[chuckles]
You helped.
Call me Dhani.
Can you teach me to fight like that?
[pots banging distantly]
If you promise to remember...
it's not about the teacher.
always the student.
Yes.
[chuckles]
- [car engines revving]
- [dramatic music playing]
[hissing]
[engines revving]
[dramatic music continues]
[sinister music plays]
[car door closes]
[engine revving]
[bus horn honking]
[man 6] Boys. bus is here!
- [cheering]
Excellent. The bus has arrived.
Captain.
Captain Shankar.
Excuse me. Captain. I have some questions.
Ladies.
I apologize on behalf of my country
for your ordeal.
If you would follow me.
Captain. the young man
in your care. Vijay Rai.
What about him?
- This way.
- May I see him?
You'll miss your bus.
I can arrange a car service.
And the reason. if I may ask.
We all went through
an ordeal this morning.
I'd like to know for whom.
Hmm. I understand.
Unfortunately.
Mr. Rai is still unconscious.
- Your lieutenant said otherwise.
- My lieutenant was mistaken.
Tell me. How often
do provincial police patrol here?
[tense music playing]
I don't understand the question.
Couldn't be more than once a day.
I mean. what luck.
That you arrived when you did.
Right. [Inhales]
I can get his email.
Send him a get well note.
With a smiley face emoji.
[man 8] Let's go.
Come on. Dad.
Just a second. honey.
[foreboding music playing]
[shed door closes]
[pot hisses]
I invest ten million dollars fees
and engineering studies.
Waiting for a family of idiots
to do the right thing.
[chair clangs]
[foreboding music continues]
[mobile keys clacking]
"See you soon".
That means...
few hours travel.
A day at most.
He's here now.
Somewhere in the mountains.
Where?
Where is your father. Vijay?
He won't sell to you.
Then you will.
Never.
Then the government will
when you're all dead.
How can you not see this. man?
[grunts]
[foreboding music continues]
Don't take all day.
[door closes]
- [metal scrapes]
- [fire rumbles]
[poker hisses]
[grunts. gasps]
[Spike] Right. yup. that's it.
Finished?
Almost.
Everything okay?
I'm not sure.
[footsteps approaching]
Something's not right here.
- What's the problem?
- We haven't formally met.
- Mike.
- Evan Myers.
- Let me give you a hand.
- Yes. Thanks.
I represent a number
of Human Rights Watchdog groups.
A man named Rudra Yash wants to dam
the river up there.
A local family. the Rai's.
won't sell him the land.
The grandfather. Raj Rai.
just died in a horrific bus accident.
It was in the...
it was in the Kathmandu Post.
I read the article.
His bus went off East Traverse.
[chuckles] To which I say. bullshit.
Why. Spike?
Well. there's never been one bus go off
the East Traverse in the dry season.
- Not a one.
- Right.
Now get this.
Raj Rai's son. Ganesh.
is apparently missing.
And his grandson. Vijay...
is the young man
you just saved from kidnappers.
- [bus horn honking]
- [engine starts]
[Tonya] Hello?
Are you coming?
Tell them to go ahead. Dhani. Please.
Keep talking. Professor.
You've got my attention.
The kidnappers were rendezvousing here.
Who with?
Who just turned up out of the blue?
[foreboding music playing]
- Oh. you... You're not saying...?
- Police. yes.
Bugger. me.
Dhani. you catching this?
It is possible.
Rudra Yash is Kathmandu Mafia.
Thugs and parasites.
They buy judges and police.
What do you suggest we do. Professor?
Demand to see Vijay Rai.
[foreboding music continues]
- You are poking a dragon.
- [chuckles]
- I've poked one or two before. trust me.
- I want answers.
You may need a translator. Dhani. can you?
Yes.
Stay here. okay?
Yeah. son. I'll look after her for you.
- Don't worry. she'll be all right.
- [Myers] Thanks.
[Starr] Dad!
Be careful.
[footsteps approaching]
Um. tell him we want to see Vijay Rai.
- [speaking Nepali]
[speaking Nepali]
- No.
- [Vijay screaming]
- [Mike grunts]
- [thud]
- [body thuds]
- [dramatic music playing]
[Mike] Come on.
- [poker hisses]
- [Vijay screams]
[Shankar] This is not going to end.
- [thud]
- [Vijay screaming]
[Shankar] We're gonna be here all night.
- [poker sizzles]
- [Vijay groans]
[gasping]
Where is your father?
[Vijay whimpering]
I'll call the American Embassy.
- [Vijay screaming]
- They took our phones.
[Myers] We'll find one in the village.
I'm not looking for phones
while that kid's being tortured.
Wait here. Professor. Dhani. come with me.
[sinister music playing]
[Vijay groans]
[Shankar] We have your phone. Vijay.
Your text message to your father
said you were meeting.
Now tell me where.
[Vijay gasps]
- Where are you meeting him?
[Vijay gasping. groaning]
- Where is your father. Vijay?
- [Vijay groans]
[gun cocks]
- [Vijay coughs]
- [sinister music intensifies]
Throw it down.
[metal poker clangs]
[knife cutting. slices]
- You don't know who you're dealing with.
- [Mike] Sure I do.
You're Police Captain Shankar.
There was me thinking the policemen
were supposed to help the victim.
[pot hisses]
[door opens]
[Rudra] Everyone. calm down. please.
[sinister music continues]
Welcome to Kodari Rug Factory.
At least tell me your names.
If we're going to settle this
with firearms.
we should at least know the names
of the people pulling the trigger.
[Myers] My name is Evan Myers.
[sinister music continues]
I represent
the United States Department of State.
What a group we suddenly are.
In 24 hours.
every human rights organization
in the world will know about this.
You have a lot of explaining to do.
Do I?
I called the United States Embassy.
20 minutes ago.
- There'll be two Blackhawk helicopters...
- [Rudra] No. you didn't.
You didn't call anyone.
[music stops]
[gunshot]
- [dramatic music playing]
- [gunshots firing]
[gunfire]
[dramatic music continues]
[Mike] Run!
Now. run!
[Dhani] Go.
[Dhani] Spike. start the bus.
- [Spike] What in the?
- [Dhani] Start the bus.
Get the tools.
Bloody tools. Get them in the bus.
- Hurry up!
- Where's my father?
Get in! Fast!
[engine starting]
[dramatic music continues]
[groans]
- [grunts]
- [body thuds]
[dramatic music intensifies]
- [indistinct clamoring]
- [horn honking]
- [brakes hiss]
- [engine revs]
[dramatic music continues]
Where's my father?
[agitatedly] Where's my father?
He didn't make it.
What do you mean he didn't make it?
[brakes screech]
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music crescendos]
He's dead.
[suspenseful music playing]
Do not shoot the boy.
Oh. shit!
[suspenseful music continues]
Shit!
Everybody down!
- [engine revs]
- [clanging]
[gunfire]
- [engine revs]
- [gunshots]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Mike grunts]
- [suspenseful music continues]
- [objects clattering]
[engine accelerating]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[Mike] Hold on.
Give me a blade. a knife. anything!
- [engine revs]
- [tires screech]
[suspenseful music continues]
[tires screech]
[ropes whipping]
[loud clanging]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music crescendos]
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music continues]
[exhales sharply]
[Spike wheezing]
[bus engine rumbling]
[speaking Nepali]
- [engine revs]
- [pipes bang]
[speaking Nepali]
[zipper unzipping]
[Starr sniffles]
How is he?
[sinister music playing]
He's dying.
[crane whirring]
[crane beeps]
- [truck door closes]
- [truck engine starting]
[engines revving]
[sinister music continues]
[music fades]
Vijay.
Right turn back to the village.
Left turn Chinese border. Safe there.
Construction workers
for the belt and road.
Soldiers. Hot food.
Which way is your father?
Left. Across the Annapurna Highlands.
But this is the long way.
It's much faster by mule.
Great. Let's hitch up the team
I got back there.
- I forgive your American sarcasm there.
- It's Irish sarcasm.
What are we dealing with here?
Very steep and very icy.
Right up my alley.
It's called the Road To The Sky.
It's said Siddhartha came this way
on his quest to find enlightenment.
[Spike] Well. I ain't no Siddhartha.
I'm as enlightened as I'm gonna get.
Let me off the bus. I'm not dying here.
[Spike] Get me out of here.
Get me off the bus.
[Mike grunting]
Yeah.
Yeah. That'll do.
- I'll get you there. You'll be right.
- Yeah. right here.
- That's it.
- I got ya. Argh.
- [Spike groans]
- [winds blowing]
[Spike] No worries.
See you down the river.
Yes. Spike.
[Spike sighs. groans]
Down the river.
[Spike] Hmm.
Four rounds. Okay.
Better than one. I suppose.
Are you sure about this?
Say the word. we'll take you back in.
I'm not dying on my own bus.
I'd rather die out here.
[somber music playing]
[Spike] Down the river. Dhani.
Down the river.
Bye. Spike.
[Spike] Yeah.
- [somber music continues]
- [winds blowing]
You know...
my late brother used to say...
"life is for the living."
We have to go on.
All of us.
[engine starting]
[somber music continues]
[engine stops]
[music fades]
[wind whistles]
[Mike] 40 percent grade. Iced over.
Hairpin turn at the bottom.
It's suicide.
No suicide. Mike. We use this.
[wind blowing]
Chinese?
[Vijay] Belt and Road Initiative.
For their construction equipment.
[Mike] Let me guess.
- Point your vehicle down the grade.
- [Vijay] Check.
- [Mike] Hook the winch to the bumper.
[Mike] Set the rate of descent. Get in.
- Release the brake.
- Check. Piece of pie.
Cake. Vijay. Piece of cake.
- [Mike] One. two. three.
- [rope whirrs]
One. two. three. One. two. three.
[winch rattling]
Hold it.
[dramatic music playing]
[Mike] Everybody ready?
- [Vijay] Dhani?
- [Dhani] Do it!
[Mike] Get it. Come on!
- [machine whirring]
[Dhani grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
- [brakes gas]
- [handbrake cranks]
- [cable whips]
- [bus rumbles]
[winch whirrs]
[euphoric music playing]
[dramatic music continues]
Look ma. no hands. [Chuckles]
Piece of cake.
[dramatic music continues]
[bus thuds. rattles]
- What the...
- What's happening?
[winch clangs]
What's happening?
[winch spluttering]
The engine's seized.
[winch whirrs. whines]
- [Starr] What are we gonna do?
- [Vijay] I don't know.
- Don't ask me.
- [Starr] Well. we can't stay here.
- Vijay.
- Yes?
Yank the brake.
Where... where is it?
Right... right hand side
of the driver's seat.
Okay.
- What are you doing?
- [Mike] Releasing that cable.
- [Vijay] If we do. we die.
- If we don't. we die.
Can you make that turn?
It's... it's 50-50 at best.
Okay.
Good enough. Give it to me.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
Everybody ready?
[Dhani] Yes. ready!
- [grunts]
- [metal clangs]
[dramatic music continues]
- [grunts]
- [cable whips]
[Vijay] Bus is going down.
[dramatic music intensifies]
[groans]
[gears grinding]
[Vijay] Mike. we're not gonna make it.
Hang on!
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music continues]
[brakes grinding]
[Starr] Whoa!
[Starr] Oh. my God.
- [Starr] Oh. my God. Mike!
- [Mike] Hold on. Hold on.
[dramatic music fades]
Everybody okay? Speak to me!
- [Dhani] Yes.
- [Vijay] Yeah.
[all groaning]
[wind whistling]
Shit.
Without an axle. the Kiwi Express...
is officially dead.
[Vijay] So are we
if we have to go on foot.
We tried. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
[Dhani] You saved our life.
If it wasn't for you...
we'd be at the bottom of that cliff.
[wind whistling]
Anyone have a pair of binoculars?
[footsteps receding]
[wind blowing. whistling]
[soft inspirational music playing]
- [inspirational music fades]
- [dramatic music playing]
We're in business. kids.
We'll get her upright.
- And Vijay?
- [Vijay] Yeah?
I want you to skim the tires
off those rims.
We're gonna need
some of that broken guardrail.
Um. why?
Why. Mike?
The Kiwi Express is about to be reborn.
Come on.
- [dramatic music fades]
- [Spike groans]
- [wind blowing]
- [Spike gasping]
[groans]
[quivering]
[Starr] Okay.
[suspenseful music playing]
[creaking. thud]
[suspenseful music fades]
[car engines revving]
[ominous music playing]
[groans]
[grunts]
[engines revving]
[gunshots]
[car door opens]
[sighs]
[doors opening. closing]
[ominous music turns tense]
[music fades]
Torturing defenseless kids
is very bad karma. mate.
Catch up with you in the next life.
I'm an atheist.
It's easy to live as an atheist.
Not so easy to die as one.
You'll see.
- [Mike] Vijay? Need two more of these.
- [Vijay] Yeah? Got it.
[suspenseful music playing]
- Take these.
- [Dhani] Yeah.
[whirring]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Mike] Dhani?
These military run-flat tires
will come in handy.
[suspenseful music fades]
Dhani?
[engines revving]
[ominous music playing]
[doors closing]
[winch whirring]
[winch sputters. hisses]
[Shankar] The clutch is burned.
[hissing]
How long to fix it?
At least two hours.
[Kiwi Express idling]
[engine revving]
[whirring. squeaking]
[tools rattling]
You know how to use one of these?
Yeah. it's basically twelve.
Yeah. four. four. four.
[Dhani] This isn't the Himalayan trip
you expected.
Tides come. tides go.
You can't stop them.
You gotta go with the flow.
- The Upanishads?
- Upanishads. yeah.
[chuckles] Spoken like
a true lapsed Catholic.
- [chuckling]
- [grinding]
[Vijay] Pull on that.
- Okay.
[wind blowing]
Tell me about your family.
Your mother.
Your grandparents.
Um...
Well. my grandparents are dead.
Mom's a bit of a mess.
Dad...
Well. you know about that.
They were divorced.
Makes you feel sad.
[somber music playing]
Of course it makes me sad.
You'll see your father again.
[somber music continues]
You ever been married?
[Dhani] Once.
Youthful mistake.
I wouldn't know anything about those.
[clang. thud]
[dramatic music playing]
[Shankar] Don't worry.
We'll probably find them dead
in one of those ravines.
You can afford not to worry. I can't.
Rudra. we will get Vijay and Ganesh Rai.
- Yeah. that's what you said in Kodari.
- [lever clattering]
[dramatic music playing]
[dramatic music continues]
- Go!
- [Dhani grunts]
[Mike] One. two. three. go!
[Dhani grunts]
- [dramatic music fades]
- [wind blows]
[Vijay] Next stop. my father's cabin.
Good deal.
[groans]
You okay?
Yeah. all good.
[suspenseful music playing]
[man 9] Car's ready. sir.
[keys beeping]
[mobile vibrating]
[suspenseful music continues]
Answer yes.
[keys beeping]
Add emojis. It looks more natural.
[mobile vibrates]
[suspenseful music continues]
[keys beeping]
[mobile vibrates]
[Shankar] The old fool fell for it. Reply.
[keys beeping]
[mobile beeps]
[motorbike engine idling]
Do you know where that is?
The old man is there.
Take him out and dispose of the body.
- [engine revving]
- [dramatic music playing]
[Kiwi Express accelerating]
[pensive music playing]
Welcome to the Highlands.
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music intensifies]
[footsteps approaching]
[match hisses]
[ominous music continues]
[thuds]
[ominous music crescendos]
[gunshot]
[Kiwi Express decelerates]
[brakes squeaking]
[rattles]
[engine stops]
[fire crackling]
- [Dhani] Your father's?
- No. no.
My father is a mile further.
Then whose is that?
[Ganesh] That was our neighbor.
[speaking Hindi]
- [speaking Hindi]
- [Ganesh] My boy! [Speaking Hindi]
[speaking Hindi]
- [chuckles. sighs]
- [inspirational music playing]
- [speaking Hindi]
How did you know
it was Rudra Yash texting and not me?
I send two emojis. I get one back.
I send one emoji. I get none back.
The code. remember?
So I sent one and I got one back.
So I knew he had your phone.
- It worked.
- [Ganesh] It worked. it worked.
Oh. my boy. [Speaking Hindi]
[speaking Hindi]
- These are your friends?
- Yes. Baba.
- This is Dhani.
- [Ganesh speaking Hindi]
- Hey.
- [Ganesh] Thank you so much.
- Dhani.
- And this is Starr.
- [Ganesh] Thank you.
- Hi.
- [Ganesh] Welcome. welcome.
- Thank you.
- And this is Mike.
- Mr. Mike.
[Ganesh] Thank you so much.
- [body slumps]
- [Vijay] Mike?
[dramatic music playing]
[winch clangs. whirrs]
[foreboding music playing]
[door opens]
No lights. They'll be searching for us.
Vijay. cut the generator
and draw the curtains.
[foreboding music continues]
[Mike groaning]
[groans]
No. wait. Wait.
- There's no time.
- [Dhani] Quiet.
[foreboding music continues]
There is a first aid kit
under the driver's seat.
- [Vijay] Driver's seat.
- Yeah.
Vijay. go. Go.
Um. I... I have a surgical kit.
- Get it.
- [Ganesh] Yes.
[foreboding music continues]
Here.
It's good claw. It's for sheep.
[foreboding music fades]
[winds blowing]
[Rudra] No sleep tonight.
We're going to search every inch of
the Highlands until we find them.
Everything that's unnecessary. it goes.
We will make this bus
as light as we can. okay?
Why. Baba?
Well. it makes it easier for the crane.
you know. because...
Oh. I hadn't told you.
The bridge isn't built yet.
[Vijay] Wait.
Are we going to crane over the gorge?
Like we did in the old days.
In a much older crane.
I wish I'd seen the old days.
What? You will see the new days.
See...
I am old. [Chuckles]
- I am ready to go.
- Don't say that.
Baba.
Grandpa lived almost a century.
But our grandfather is tough.
Me? Nah. Not so much.
[Vijay] You're a hero.
[somber music playing]
I am no such thing.
You know...
I haven't done
one heroic thing in my life.
You're a hero to me. Papa.
[chuckles]
Oh. my boy. Thank you.
[somber music continues]
[speaking Hindi]
We have a full night's work
ahead of us. see.
[flesh squelching]
- [grunts]
- [Mike groans]
[somber music continues]
[bullet clatters]
- [Mike groans]
- [Dhani] Hmm.
[somber music continues]
[scraping]
[pestle grinding]
Will he live?
- [mortar thuds]
- Mr. McCann... [speaking Nepali]
[exhales sharply] Means hard to kill.
Starr. I need your help.
Yeah. tell me what to do.
Go to the lake and refill this.
- Okay.
- Careful.
[door closes]
[crickets chirping]
[water gurgling]
[bike engine revving]
[ominous music sting]
[Ganesh] They're here.
Vijay. move the bus.
- [Vijay] Okay. Baba.
- [Ganesh] Quickly.
[bike engine revving]
[water trickling]
- [brakes hiss]
- [engine starts]
[bike engine revving]
- [bike engine revving]
- [ominous music playing]
[bike engine idling]
[bike engine stops]
[ominous music continues]
[panting]
[suspenseful music sting]
- [Starr whimpers]
- Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh.
[Starr whimpers]
- [knife slashes]
- [groans. gurgling]
[Starr gasps]
- [knife slices]
- [body thuds]
[ominous music plays]
[Starr] Oh. my God.
[breathing heavily]
[Dhani] Take his weapons.
We will need them.
Go.
- Vijay.
- Yeah.
The lake. Take his legs.
[door opens]
[Starr breathing heavily]
[door closes]
[pensive music playing]
[breathing heavily]
We who follow The Way...
are permitted to defend the innocent.
I'll teach you.
[inspirational music playing]
Come.
I can't teach you much in one night.
Will you do your best?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Yes is enough.
Listen. Our enemies are street fighters.
Tough without discipline.
They announce...
when they are about to strike.
It's their "tell."
All right.
When you see the "tell"...
you go to this position.
Block.
Then strike.
[inspirational music continues]
- Block.
- [Dhani] Hmm.
Strike.
Yeah.
Understand?
- I think so.
- [Dhani] Hmm.
One more time.
[Starr] Okay.
Block. Strike.
- Strike.
- Yeah.
[Dhani] One more. Fast.
[inspirational music continues]
- [grunts. groans]
- [music fades]
[birds chirping]
[table creaks]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
What?
You were a fool to not tell me.
You could have gotten us killed.
- I didn't think it was as bad as...
- Save it.
- Can you walk?
- Of course I can walk.
Clean clothes.
We leave in ten minutes.
[soft music playing]
[soft music continues]
- [engine stops]
- [music fades]
[winds blowing]
[wind howls. whistles]
[Starr] We're going over that?
[Vijay] Yes.
[scoffs] How?
We use that crane.
[winds blowing]
[sighs] The stove's still hot.
If they went south...
we would have seen them.
[Rudra] They've gone here.
[Shankar] We can't let them
cross into China.
I have no jurisdiction.
- [map rustling]
- They need a bridge to do that.
- We have to move this bus.
- Okay.
You drive. I'll give you a hand.
[dramatic music playing]
[grinding]
- [winds blowing]
- [dramatic music continues]
Where'd you get that?
Don't ask.
Okay. Okay. Okay. You got it.
You know this. You know this.
You know this.
Uh.
- Power.
- [music intensifies]
Uh.
- Battery.
- [switch clicking]
Release brake.
And ignition.
[crane whirrs]
- [chuckles]
- [car engines revving]
[dramatic music continues]
I'm finished. Baba. Climb on.
You go ahead. Vijay.
I... I will be with you.
- Always.
- [crane starts]
- [crane whirrs]
- [chains clanging]
Hey!
[dramatic music continues]
[Starr] What's happening?
Vijay!
Baba. what are you doing? Climb on.
[Starr] Oh. my God.
[grunts]
[dramatic music intensifies]
Baba. what are you doing?
They will kill you.
Better me than you. son.
- No. no!
- Vijay. you look after our land. yes?
Come on.
[gun cocks]
[rapid gunfire]
[gunshot]
- [groans]
- Dhani?
[gasping]
- [grunts]
- [gunshot]
- [groans]
- Baba! Baba. no!
- [Vijay] Baba!
- [groans]
[rapid gunfire]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[gunshots firing]
[crane beeping]
[grunts]
Shit.
[dramatic music continues]
[groans]
[gasps]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[bus creaking]
[ominous music playing]
- [ominous music fades]
- [winds blowing]
[gun cocks]
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[somber music playing]
[crane whirrs]
[suspenseful music playing]
Kill the son.
Kill them all.
[all scream]
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[rapid gunfire]
- [Starr screaming]
- [glass shatters]
[gunshots firing]
[dramatic music playing]
[dramatic music continues]
- [gunshots firing]
- [Starr groans]
[dramatic music builds]
- [gunshots firing]
- [grunts]
[gunshots firing]
[grunts]
[thud]
[gunshots firing]
- [Mike grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
- [music turns suspenseful]
[crane beeps. whirrs]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Mike groans]
[crane beeping]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Mike groans]
- [Jeet grunting]
[grunting]
[Jeet grunts]
- [Mike groans]
- [Jeet grunts]
[Mike grunts]
[Jeet grunting]
[crane beeps. whirrs]
[Jeet grunts. groans]
Vijay!
[suspenseful music continues]
[grunts]
[groans]
- [gunshots firing]
- [Mike grunts]
[gasping]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[fire roars]
[grunting]
- [crane whirring]
- [suspenseful music plays]
Okay. We're moving. We're moving.
[crane clangs]
- [Kiwi Express engine roars]
- We got this. Come on.
[somber music playing]
[gunshots]
[somber music continues]
[Vijay sobbing]
[Starr] Hey.
Come here.
[sobbing]
[inhales. exhales deeply]
[doors opening. closing]
[engines revving]
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music fades]
How's Vijay?
Better than you.
Don't worry about this.
[car engine revs]
- [Starr] They're coming again.
- [dramatic music playing]
Shit.
Vijay. get up here.
- Yes. Mike.
- How far to China?
Through the tunnel. across the patio.
50 kilometers. we're there.
- What weapons do we have?
- This.
And that shotgun.
Hold them off.
Let's go.
[dramatic music continues]
[gun clicks]
- Let me help.
- No.
Your father's dead. You're fair game now.
Starr.
Put the stock...
against your shoulder.
Aim and pull that.
[engine revving]
[gun clicks]
Move.
[dramatic music continues]
[gunshots firing]
Okay...
tell me when.
[dramatic music intensifies]
[gunshots firing]
[dramatic music continues]
[gunshots]
RPG!
- [engine revs]
- [missile whooshes]
- [boom]
- [rocks thundering]
[engine revving]
[dramatic music continues]
[rocks thundering]
[bike engine revving]
[boom]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dhani] Where is he?
[bike decelerates]
[suspenseful music continues]
- [Mike] There he is.
- What's he doing?
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[wick fizzes]
Dynamite.
- Can you outrun it?
- Is there a choice?
[engine revs]
[wick fizzes]
[Kiwi Express roars]
- [thud]
- [all grunt]
[all groan]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Starr] Dhani. wake up.
Shit. They're back.
God help us. We have to do this ourselves.
Vijay. use it.
- [Vijay] Get the shotgun.
- [Starr] Okay.
- [Starr grunts]
- [gunshots firing]
[Starr grunts]
- [Vijay grunts]
- [gunshots firing]
[gunshot]
Vijay. I'm out.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Jeet grunts]
- [gunshots]
- [groaning]
[groans. grunts]
[Mike] Take the wheel.
Take the wheel.
[Jeet grunts]
[Starr groans]
[Mike groans]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Mike groans]
[grunting]
[Jeet grunting]
- [grunts]
- [thud]
[both grunting]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [groans]
- [Dhani grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
[grunting]
- [Dhani grunts]
- [thud]
[suspenseful music continues]
- [Shankar grunts]
- [groans]
- [Dhani grunts]
- [Jeet groans]
- [Shankar grunts]
- [Dhani groans]
[Kiwi Express accelerates]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Dhani groans]
[grunting]
[Shankar grunts]
[Mike groans]
[grunts]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Dhani groans]
[Dhani groans]
- [Starr grunts]
- [Dhani's body thuds]
[Starr grunts. groans]
- [Jeet grunts]
- [Starr groans]
[Mike groans]
- [Starr grunts]
- [Jeet chokes]
[Dhani grunts]
[suspenseful music continues]
[grunts]
- [Mike grunts]
- [Shankar groans]
- [loud thuds]
- [Jeet groans]
Thanks. buddy.
[brakes gas]
[both panting]
- [engine stops]
- [music fades]
[Dhani sighs]
It's over. [Sighs]
They're all dead.
[sighs]
There's one left.
[dramatic music playing]
Vijay.
- [gears grind]
- [engine revs]
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Kiwi Express revving]
[Kiwi Express accelerates]
- [thud]
- [Kiwi Express engine roars]
[metal clanging]
[dramatic music continues]
All those in favor. say aye.
Aye.
The ayes have it.
[Kiwi Express engine revs]
[all breathing heavily]
[somber music playing]
[car door opens. closes]
[footsteps approaching]
[Kiwi Express creaks]
[inspirational music playing]
[Vijay] With this new dam...
smaller yet sufficient
to meet our needs...
we will have both our river
and electricity.
[crowd cheering. applauding]
[inspirational music continues]
[chuckles] Bye. Dhani.
Goodbye. my beautiful Starr.
- Thank you. Mike.
- Starr. goodbye.
- Take care.
- Bye.
- We have an appointment. sir.
- We sure do.
[inspirational music continues]
- [music fades]
- [winds blowing]
[somber music playing]
We talked about the summit. bro.
But given my age...
this will have to do.
I love you. Gurty.
[somber music continues]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [man 10] Good morning. passengers.
We would like to inform you that
check-in gates 35 and 37 are now open.
[pensive music playing]
[sighs] I don't know what to say.
Nor I.
Maybe...
maybe we'll understand all this later.
Maybe.
Hmm.
- Okay.
- [door opens]
[man 10] Good morning. passengers.
We are experiencing an increase
of passenger volume today.
Please allow extra time
for security screening.
[pensive music continues]
Thank you.
Thank you...
Mike.
[crowd chatter indistinctly]
Bye.
[stirring music playing]
[indistinct airport announcement]
[pensive music playing]
[pensive music fades]
- [birds chirping]
- [equipment clattering]
[Mike laughs]
That was amazing. bro.
Thanks for getting me
the hell out of that.
What would I do without you?
Easy. You'd live.
Like I would without you.
What do you mean?
We don't have a lot of time. Mike.
Life is for the living.
[chuckles]
[indistinct airport announcement]
- [soft music playing]
- [sighs]
[inspirational music playing]
[inspirational music intensifies]
[inspirational music crescendos]
[upbeat music playing]
[soft music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm